Pacific Integrated Handling thanks you for the opportunity to provide Thermo Fisher with the following
automated storage solution for the cleanroom at the Hillsboro facility. The following proposal provides
an in-depth description of the Modula Lift VLM we are proposing.
This Modula Vertical Lift Module (VLM) has been specified to meet Thermo Fisher’s storage
requirements and will aid in increasing storage density and capacity. Computerized management also
enables all the logistics processes to be monitored and optimized. This vertical system will free up
valuable floor space, minimize search time, and increase productivity utilizing the latest technology
available.
The VLM will have a total storage capacity of 634.66 sq ft. and 363.6 cubic ft. of volume in a very small
footprint of 124.28 sq. ft. While on-site, I completed a survey of the existing materials in the cleanroom
and concluded that (with a 50% buffer) only 136.80 cubic ft is needed for storage. This will give Thermo
Fisher plenty of room for growth or flexibility in what is kept within the VLM. A safety photo eye curtain
system will protect operators during mechanical movements. All safety devices and machine designs
meet CE standards. In addition, tool accessible doors on the side of the unit will allow service personnel
access to the units for scheduled maintenance. The VLM will come with 2 years of parts and labor
warranty as well as a PIH exclusive 3 scheduled maintenance visits.
Additionally, the VLM have a height of 145.67 inches (12’ 2.64”) and will contain 22 slotted trays - all of
which are sized as 161.41” wide and 25.75” deep and will be capable of holding up to 551 lbs. Slotted
trays will allow Thermo Fisher to use Modula dividers to create storage cells within the trays to organize
smaller parts.
This proposal includes software installation of Modula WMS Premium, which is comprehensive software
and will allow for the incorporation of bar code scanning, ERP integration, and future implementation of
put-to-light systems, per the discussion on site.
The Modula VLM is considered ISO7-Ready and will be the ideal fit for the cleanroom environment at
Thermo Fisher.
PIH has decades of experience with automated material handling systems. Our factory trained and
certified technicians have a meticulous attention to detail and a reputation for the highest level of
customer service and satisfaction, not only during the installation, but also on the following scheduled
maintenance visits. Without hesitation I can say that PIH is the best partner for Thermo Fisher when it
comes to your present and future automated high-density storage and retrieval system needs.
Josh Jancola
Pacific Integrated Handling